fix: properly document how to enable Payment on account for a company user (#649)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: versioned_docs/version-2.x/advanced/payments/payment-on-account.mdx

:::

In addition, this feature is also controlled by the roles and the associated
permissions assigned to a user within the company. For now, those roles can only

> be set through the Magento frontend. So to make sure a company user can use the

Reviewer: **issue:** It isn't viable to suggest to proceed like this for production use cases.

**suggestion:** mention programatical  roles management for production, and highlight that the procedure is for local developments only (or dev)

```suggestion
be set programmtically or through the Magento frontend. In local environments, to make sure a company user can use the
```
